hello everyone and welcome to a new
video
working from home style now
i am on day two of my new job and
things are not going well today we've
had a power car in the house this
morning
so when i was midway through my training
call because i'm supposed to be on video
call pretty much
all day today the wi-fi suddenly went
off luckily my laptop has battery in it
so
i've managed to continue this morning
using my laptop battery and then
hotspotting myself from my mobile data
that's expensive stuff let me tell you
but the power of my laptop is very
quickly running out
this is not going to last forever so
this afternoon
i am relocating so yeah i can't quite
believe really that
this has happened it's not that ideal
but
what can you do at least i've still
managed to stay on the session i missed
like
10 minutes maybe while i was sorting out
my hot spot initially and realizing that
we had indeed had a power car
some sort of works have happened down
the road they've knocked some important
network cable and look what happens
luckily
we have a very kind family friend who
has said i can go round her house
and set up my workstation there so that
is what i'm doing
she has power she has wi-fi i can work
from there
so yeah this little working from home
setup hasn't lasted long
it's day two and we're moving we're
we're out of here i'm doing excel
training today
there's exciting stuff but no to be fair
the job's going okay the training's
going fine it's just
the tech that is failing me today i am
going to
tackle this into a rucksack i am
learning the struggle of working from
home and not in an office
oh the other thing i did today was meet
my new
team like the wider team that i'm going
to be working in
i met some of them at least i didn't
meet all of them and obviously i
virtually met them rather than met them
in person because we're all working from
home
but they were welcoming friendly i'm
gonna fill up my water before i go but i
think that's everything i need
oh and the other good news is that i've
had an email through
saying a keyboard wired mouse and
monitor are all being sent which is
going to make
working from home a lot easier because
at the moment i'm just on
the laptop and the nature of the work
i'm doing
kind of requires more than one screen
but yeah that's the update a bit of a
chaotic start to today's video
uh the plan is i'm just gonna keep
updating you um
in my first week or so first few days of
my new job
i have had a good afternoon actually
got power got wi-fi and
completed the excel training i'm not
gonna lie
it is definitely more tough to stay
engaged when you're
working from home and just listening to
people talk over video calls but
today was quite good because we had
group exercises and it was interactive
and like we split off into small groups
to discuss and work together so
that was quite fun two days of the new
job complete
all been fine just a minor issue with
the power
hello have you had a good day you're not
licking me
and apparently the power has come back
on in this house now
so that's good news so hopefully the
power will remain
on tomorrow for another day's work do
you want a belly
do you want a venue hello everyone so it
is
day three of my new job and i'm on my
coffee break
i'm a bit tired it's four o'clock so
i've only got an hour left of the day
um it's been okay i met my buddy today
because there's a buddy system where
we are buddied up with someone who
started a year before
us i've just been trying to organize
things like
various pieces of software that i want
downloaded on my computer
and other kind of admin bits and bobs
that need
sorting before i get going with the job
but really i'm i'm itching to get some
actual project
work i there's so many onboarding tasks
we were reminded this morning that we've
gotta
work through all these onboarding tasks
and i don't
mind it i just you know i'm looking
forward to getting going with my first
project hello everyone so it is the end
of the day
i have just signed up for student
membership of the institute and faculty
of actuaries
which is the professional body which i'm
going to be taking my actuarial exams
with
so that's setting the ball rolling with
actuarial
exams and qualification stuff i'm gonna
go relax for the evening i need to edit
a video
[Music]
hello everyone so it is friday it's the
last day of my working week
let me get you guys up to speed so
yesterday
i asked for some more work to do because
i got through all of my onboarding tasks
and
all i've already had to do is kind of
admin and
new hire orientation get to know the
company and the line of business etc etc
and i'm ready to get stuck into like
some actual
reserving work because i've been put in
the reserving team i don't know if i've
told you guys this but i'm on the
reserving capital team
reserving by the way is all about
figuring out how much money insurance
companies need to put aside in order to
pay off claims
on business they've written so i've been
told my projects
and i had a short intro to one of them
this morning
do you know what the problem is
everything looks familiar from my
internship last year but it's been
a year a whole year and i have forgotten
so much like it's all vaguely familiar
but i can't remember how some of the
methods work
and i know it's fine because i've got
training sessions to go to and i can
take it slow
and i can ask questions while i need to
but it's just frustrating when
i used to know some of the basic
knowledge and now it's just completely
gone i had a meeting with my line
manager
yesterday and she was so friendly she
spent so much time with me as well
like an hour long meeting with her
answering all my questions and i got
told the
oh whoops there we go
and i've been told the initial projects
i've been
put on and kind of i was involved in
them
but now i'm going oh really basically
what i'm doing
is i'm looking through my notes from my
internship to try
draw back that knowledge from the back
of my head it must still be in there
somewhere
what else has happened today i had like
an hour long call
with someone who's working on a project
team and
kind of leading me in that project
and also i had a graduate's welcome
lunch and we were all allowed
to spend up to 20 pounds ordering
ourselves our own lunch and then we can
expense it on the company and then we
had a video call with
other grads and recent hires
and line managers and student managers
so that was pleasant i enjoyed my pizza
hut
pizza and then i've got a graduate
networking session in about
half an hour which i believe is just
a short session with someone more senior
at the company who's going to explain
their role to us and what they do and we
get the opportunity to ask many
questions
it's just a way that we get to meet more
people in the company since we're all
working from home so we're not
necessarily exposed to as many people as
we would be in the office
and then straight after the networking
session i have scheduled a call for
another project that i've been put on
apparently that work isn't urgent though
and i've been sent a message
saying someone else has urgent work so
already
i am learning to navigate management of
time
and prioritizing different pieces of
work
i'm excited though it is it's kicking
off a bit now you know i'm getting some
actual work to do yeah back to work okay
peeps it's the end of the week
i look like a mess
but i have made it through my first week
of my new job so i'm proud of myself
i've made a list of what i want to do on
monday but now it's the weekend and i'm
going to enjoy my weekend
i've actually got a cool scheduled a
video call
with my friends from university this
evening
so it'll be nice to catch up a bit with
them
thank you very much for watching this
video i think i'm going to end it here
not sure how much i filmed this week i
know i've only kind of dropped in and
out but
that's because i've been settling into
the job and concentrating on my work
like i haven't had a lot of spare time
to
update you guys like subscribe follow my
instagram i've been posting updates on
instagram stories about how i've been
getting on with a new job
and yeah i think that's everything see
you
next week with another video bye
[Music]
you